Remove heroku and add K8s (#40)
trywilco/wilco-docs: docs/building-your-quest/triggers-and-payloads.md

    - `repository:` User’s Github repo url
    - `repoName:` Name of the user’s Github repo
    - `company`

>     - `K8sBackendUrl:` url of the K8s backend app

Reviewer: just backendUrl (I think we already have this)

>     - `K8sBackendUrl:` url of the K8s backend app

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `K8sBackendUrl:` the url of the K8s backend app
```

    
    ```yaml
    conditions:
      - conditionId: k8s_backend_config_var_defined
        name: new_relic_license_key_config
        params:
          key: NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_KEY
    then: ...
    ```
    

>     In this example, we call an action with the id `k8s_backend_config_var_defined` and give it a name,  `new_relic_license_key_config.` This condition check that a config var exists, and also sets its value on the result, if exists. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In this example, we call an action with the id `k8s_backend_config_var_defined` and give it a name,  `new_relic_license_key_config.` This condition checks that a config var exists and sets its value on the result if it does. 
```
